[16.0][ADD] account_invoice_mass_sending_direct_print (#3)
thienvh332/account-invoicing: account_invoice_mass_sending_direct_print/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

Account Invoice Mass Sending Direct Print
==========================================

> This module extends the functionality of the `account_invoice_mass_sending` module by enabling direct printing of invoices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of the `account_invoice_mass_sending` module to enable direct printing of invoices. 
```

Key Features:

> - Automatically send invoices to a configured printer during mass sending operations.

Reviewer: confusing
you can remove
what if user only prints and doesn't send?
